fix: Update user guide based on changes to UI (#2534)
atlasmap/atlasmap: docs/src/main/asciidoc/user-guide/topics/combine-multiple-source-fields-into-one-target-field.adoc

.Procedure

. In the *Source* panel, navigate to the first field that
you want to combine into the target field and click image:CreateNewMapping.png[Create new mapping]. For each of the other
fields that you want to combine into the target field, click image:ConnectToSelectedMapping.png[Connect to selected mapping] next
to each field.
+
The data mapper automatically changes the type of mapping to *Concatenate*.

. In the *Target* panel, click image:ConnectToSelectedMapping.png[Connect to selected mapping] next to the field into which you want
to map all of the source fields.
+
When you are done you should see a line from each of the source fields to
the target field.

. In the *Mapping Details* panel, in the *Delimiter* field, select the
character that the data mapper inserts in the target field between the content
from different source fields. The default is a space.

. In the *Mapping Details* panel, under *Sources*, ensure that the source

> fields are in the order as expected to appear in the target field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fields are in the order in which they are expected to appear in the target field.
```

+

> If necessary, increment or decrement the index number of a source field to achieve the desired order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If necessary, increase or decrease the index number of a source field to achieve the desired order.
```
